{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue23;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green8\blue3;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green24\blue23;\red0\green0\blue233;\red22\green21\blue22;\red246\green246\blue246;
\red18\green79\blue146;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12157\c11765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c71055\c10387\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12549\c12157\c11765;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;
\cssrgb\c7059\c39216\c63922;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20100\viewh14360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear both,\
\'a0\
\
\
\cf4 Could you kindly just summarize what the purpose of the shoot would be and where it would be published so our Press team can look at this?\
\'a0\
That\'92s what our press colleagues responded to my request: I\'92m not sure what they\'92ll be shooting and what it\'92s for \'96 please could you give me a bit of background?\cf2 \

\f1\b \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Where shoot would be and where it would be published 
\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 It all came from our relationship with enterprise nation:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.enterprisenation.com/googlementoring/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 https://www.enterprisenation.com/googlementoring/}}\cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7   \
\cf5 \ulnone Google is supplying our company with mentorships in the form of expert tuition in marketing and sales etc. They wish to promote the scheme by using examples of current companies that are benefiting themselves with the scheme.  Publishing examples online with Enterprise nation. They asked our  company Green + Kode if we want to promote both. The scheme and what we are doing. We thought it would be a good opportunity to highlight what we are doing with our alpha testers and we can briefly speak about the relationship for alpha testing with the OXO restaurant and Andrea Zick.  Get a photo of our machines in situ with us at the OXO tower basement and possibly a reception image of the restaurant.\
\

\f1\b Green + Kode background:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs30 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 \
We are Greenkode is a University backed tech accelerator start-up (Launchpad Falmouth University\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.falmouth.ac.uk/study/postgraduate/launchpad"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 https://www.falmouth.ac.uk/study/postgraduate/launchpad}}) reducing food waste within the hospitality sector. Specifically, commercial kitchens. We provide IoT solutions to commercial kitchens that monitor in real-time, automatically, the true costs of food waste, provide them with a holistic view of their waste within a dashboard. Using different sensors to monitor the food waste (2021) and also measure the utility costs (electrical, gas and water in 2022) in preparing the food waste.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf8 Promotional Video and easy product explainer:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vimeo.com/555211722/75c53ee83a"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 https://vimeo.com/555211722/75c53ee83a}}
\f0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \ul \ulc7 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 Andrea,\
\
Thank you for your support and time yesterday.\
Our details of the laminated care and setup instructions are attached here:  attached as jpegs; 
\f1\b Laminated_use_of equipment_cleaning 2-01 
\f0\b0 and 
\f1\b Laminated_use_SWITCHINGON_OFF 3-01.\

\f0\b0 \
We will need to instruct you in the near future as to how to set up your company users and who you will want to monitor the waste and act on it\'92s reports and warnings we will supply you with to help you reduce your food waste.\
}